hi friends very glad to see you
very happy and years old you have this
a very unusual angle I do not spend
major changes if today
especially in the first part of the video can
some frame fluctuations occur
series is that I am the second node and hands
stick for selfie
and how long she wanted and got
as a gift on March 8, the light went under
almost a month and everything lies lies
nuts have no idea what she can
do here today we got so
let's try the end badly he
implies some dynamics uh tyzh
matrix like here template and map hope
that you forgive me if we talk about
This gadget is on the way before I have it
serious underestimated my first
the impression is that damn it can
to be not really comfortable especially
traveling i'm happy ate or if
traveling together is never possible
make normal go together not
I draw greetings so definitely yes
if you love
impression memories photographs i
would say I recommend a shelf for
crowds dublin all normal people already
long enjoyed it just for me
gone
the block will be about anything frosty and not
think too long
just now you monks returned with
work decided that there is some
amount of interestingness and which
Immediately just should not you
helpful came operational straight
Immediately as you can see, even without undressing
me to become 53 amide chips ready
a gift by the way a sword of which there is none
I always feel totally comfortable
ordinary stuff in a very classic style
no as an example to hold
any company stupid which i
inspired look from the reigned python
all of course Nikita but I am utterly
delighted and as everyone is very close to
the ideal is thin wool I like
not only showed but also details
the padding is just lovely
put on two feels very confident
meters when today it went that quite
not a chalet to find yourself click for such
peace on the Lubyanka just close fee in
whole work not min passing could not
quality give could not enter
I in childhood there very often happened with
parents and today I know who
will be a blanket and tickets for the stage like me
it became a joy that I deliberately
absolutely did not even try to do
no reporting because replacing
surely the ceiling stained glass look I think
what is left as I remembered from
from that past life of that time
moments when you can return version for
I am not always always dear
on the occasion of the opening today there was
many glorious beautiful things
free ice cream and cotton candy
or cotton candy and came up and pleasant
surprises for still from such sweetest
comrades were given 1 opening
central children's world seemingly
just a gift from sponsors punish
damn nice though if you talk in
whole about soft toys i never
fanatela but obviously they decided themselves
materialize in my new room
the fact that the hotel that you see
I was presented with projects too
recently less than a month ago and continue
by today's novelties the book is the best
I decided to come to the store
republic by the way I like it very much
so that there he can buy a book and
immediately colorful
deliciously turned up for birthday we go
this weekend to our very close
to a friend, I will explain why there is
iphone, I decided to give rather than ferrari
book of shanty
In general, in my life I must have been washed
two key such very important
works that made me so
say loudly and pathetic rethink the whole
your life is henrik senkevich camouflage
and began to wear that kinder Garcia
Marquez Shantaram
I ended up waiting probably 2 weeks
back and still what's with me
happens and
probably if you just say it's a book
became for me very very serious
of course I will recommend to my
loved ones becomes like
tour of my dressing table and
saw off the show here combine
show but as you can see I bought everything
still the most Russian of the cheapest table
language and much I liked it and now
I say that you see my toilet
Corner on the design but really do not have
i'm serious from the time just
cosmetics stored top drawer and here
what are going to most often
everyday things used
for example how I found out who in the last
there a couple of weeks i use only three
here are these fragrance others why are you at all
stopped getting and here's a glass with
brushes oh by the way today came from
blatt store in special i will do
on the new Arbat listen to exclusives from
gerlen flavor is called
bridal bouquet and the second in my opinion the most
the best day of my life here both on
how much do I understand the leitmotif for them
both is the wedding I wanted
listen to exactly the bridal bouquet because
what is stated in the composition at the same time
three though my favorite notes are hot
pink pepper is salty almond but he
turned out to be in vegetables not like myself and
represented a too smoky stage
properly called powdery and too
plume and at the same time sweet but I'm for
such aromas on themselves vegetables can not
endure though composition of course
certainly interesting and worth 45 thousand
in my opinion for 125 milliliters and very
interesting design of the bottle I'm for sure
completely agree but on myself
on the wedding day just so fragrant not
has done
now know from the powder
I really like savory stuff like
shalimar park's purpose scrap
also now I often have as it turned out
london from gerlen
and the most fun here in total
submitted this is yervan cliff
Well , somehow here is a direct reason to think everything
I do not do not follow the rainbow
Yesterday took on replica bracelets in the mail
swarovski that came with aliexpress
Please watch the link below the video
Clearly you can find it there so well
I liked them so much
feminine and graceful I want
told myself the assortment of colors
if for you it is important here nowhere
it is indicated that it is swarovski well, how often
love to talk in i didn't fool anyone
some of them may matter
If the Chinese completely emitter design
a little bit and today's purchases i'm not
I could as an independent because
I have a great passion for all sorts of
home linen well, you know how to Thunder
which one can sleep start then become and
drive around the apartment I'm in this at all
nothing is always very visible
I like to do so about this today
purchased a kit consisting of
boys are like that and panty
I am sure that it is worth showing it to
my youtube channel but i don't find them
somehow frankly sexy though
very feminine look what
wonderful finish here
squeaks parade with lace and buttons
the same finish of course we on T-shirt from
the company is called lauri or lauri i
you then leave a link to them
internet site me this firm is very
like its price ratio and
quality in this case is 95
percent cotton and all five percent
elastane is very nice to the body by the way to
the same set q I picked up
absolutely charming and absolutely not
functional pro
friends, it seems, it turned out to talk to
about everything you wanted and again
picked up a stick with references to shopton
say goodbye sore from the noise among
turn away it's a very strange thing for
in order to be done
filming
into the camera and wish you a wonderful day
great mood all very
best to new meetings bye